When priests try to steal a baby dragon for their ritual, the plan goes awry and a battle ensues. Long after the priests leave, dragons lash out by fiesting on any animal in sight, trusting their babies deep within caves and earth's embrace.					Dragons-, Priests-				Dragons		Animals		Earth		Caves and Craves
The fire god is betrayed by dwarves, but when they find comfort in the bellies of dragons, the flames grow stronger than ever.					Fire+				Fire		Dwarves		Dragons		Warm Belly
Druids broker an alliance with dragons. The earth god pleads for their druidic worshipers to reconsider, but this only infuriates the dragons.					Druids+, Dragons+				Dragons		Earth		Druids		Alliance
Dragons launch an attack on the city, scorching its engineering marvels to ash. Those engineers convert to worshiping the water god.					Dragons+, Scientists-				Scientists		Dragons		Water		Burnt Wonders
The fire god fills dwarven forges. When the sky fills with dark clouds and ill omens, the dwarves take the sky's warning as a threat.					Fire+, Dwarves+				Dwarves		Sky		Fire		Godly Forge
Scientists showcase experiments discredeting the church. Priests pray to the sky for a sign.					Scientists+, Sky+, Priests-, Scientific Silence~				Priests		Scientists		Sky		Threats to Faith
The sky weeps, filling the sea. When the sea goes searching for who hurt them, a lone island is found in the shape of a crude gesture.					Water+, Sky-, Erosive Liquid~				Water		Earth		Sky		Sea of Tears
Scientists capture wild animals to use for experiments. As the behavior continues, the sky begins sending them omens to warn when the humans are coming.					Scientists+, Animals-				Animals		Scientists		Sky		Fearful Subjects
During winter solstice, empowered druids call forth the cold, freezing lakes and kindling. An alliance of steam is formed.					Druids+, Water-, Fire-				Water		Druids		Fire		Frostbite
Priests burn heretical philosophy books. Wizards offer to help restore them, befriending the scholars.					Fire+, Philosophers-, Sad Scholars~				Philosophers		Priests		Wizards		Burnt Books
The water god swallows ships, eating their treasure. Priests pray to the sky.					Water+, Priests-				Priests		Water		Sky		Stolen Treasure
Wizards create spectral animals to play and mate with the wild ones. Soon, the animals start hanging around the wizards instead of the forest.					Wizards+, Animals+, Shadow Beings~				Animals		Trees		Wizards		Spectral Friends
A philosopher and a grand oak contemplate the meaning of life. Druids keep interrupting.					Philosophers+, Trees+				Trees		Druids		Philosophers		Brainstorm
Fresh fire fills city machinery, churning out new technology. The temple finds their members straying.					Fire+, Scientists+, Humanity's Secret Weapon~				Scientists		Priests		Fire		Running Hot
Priests plunder gold from Dwarven caves. The small folk pray to the mountain.					Priests+, Dwarves-, Inconsiderate Monarchy~				Dwarves		Priests		Earth		Stolen Treasure
Solar flares stoke many flames, disrupt electronics. The nerds plot their revenge...and pet their companions.					Fire+, Scientists-, Sun Spirits~				Scientists		Fire		Animals		Fried Circuits
Philosophers question the speed of scientific advancement. As their labs are shut down, researchers pray to the almighty ground.					Philosophers+, Scientists-, Rebels~				Scientists		Philosophers		Earth		Strict Regulation
A solar eclipse weakens the fire god, frightens animals. They're not so bright, so they think the trees are to blame. And they pray to the god-like beasts flying across the sky...					Fire-, Animals-, Shadow Beings~				Animals		Trees		Dragons		Standing Menacingly
The earth has nightmares, causing earthquakes throughout the forest. At least the trees can thank the sun for not igniting them.					Trees-, Dwarves-, Invasive Plateaus~				Trees		Earth		Fire		Unstable Ground
Dragons hoard mystical artifacts, so wizards lay a plan. They decide to embolden the dwarves, teach them their magics, and see what happens...					Dragons+, Living Crystals~				Wizards		Dragons		Dwarves		Magic Plotting
Wizards open a portal to another dimension, unleashing strange creatures into the world under their control, tormenting the natural shepherds. Though the plantlife seems seems to enjoy them.					Wizards+, Living Crystals~				Wizards		Druids		Trees		Unnatural Beings
Druids and wizards collaborate to create a protective barrier around the forest, though it drains some waterfalls the druids rely on.					Trees+, Animals+				Druids		Water		Wizards		Defenders of Nature
The water god creates a new river, scarring the landscape, but creating new watering holes and flows of trade, influence. The dwarves promise to patch it up.					Water+, Animals+, Priests+, Earth-, Dripping Temple~				Earth		Water		Dwarves		Scarred Landscape
Druids discover ancient texts in the forest, revealing secret knowledge about the gods previously exclusive to wizards. The more they read, the richer the soil gets, but the fewer trees grow...					Druids+, Wizards-, Devout Cultists~				Druids		Trees		Earth		Ancient Texts
Dwarves uncover an ancient relic that can control dragons. The sky god courts them for favor, but the relic emits unholy energy that keeps animals awake at night.					Dwarves+, Dragons-, Armed Guards~				Dwarves		Animals		Sky		Relic Lust
Scientists chop down oaks to fuel their machines. They even trick Druids into helping them, paying them handsomely.					Scientists+, Trees-				Scientists		Trees		Druids		Dominate Nature
Some dragons give reperations to the forest and its creatures, attracting praise from priests and dismay from wizards.					Trees+, Animals+, Wings For All~				Priests		Wizards		Dragons		Reperations
Dragons share ancient wisdom with philosophers, enlightening them with the secrets of fire's destructive and creative forces. The water god is none too pleased.					Philosophers+, Fire+				Philosophers		Water		Dragons		Fiery Favors
Aggressive flooding robs the dens of dragons, causing untold riches to wash into the sea. Dragons aid the growing of trees to act as a barrier.					Water+, Dragons-				Dragons		Water		Trees		Stolen Treasure
Wizards conduct a dangerous ritual with the blood of innocent animals, enhancing their spells with fiery potential.					Wizards+, Fire+, Animals-, Sun Spirits~				Wizards		Animals		Fire		Blood Worship
Philosophers write a treatise on the interconnectedness of all mortal beings, influencing various societies.					Animals+, Druids+, Wizards+, Dwarves+, Dragons+, Trees+, Priests+, Scientists+, Philosophers+, Ecstacy Crystals~				Animals, Priests				Animals, Priests		Mortal Love
In a desperate act, priests invoke the Earth to swollow the flames of the world whole, causing devastation but saving the priest's temples, and giving the Earth a taste for fire.					Priests+, Earth+, Fire-, Invasive Plateaus~				Earth		Fire				Taste for Fire
Philosophers restore ancient, sacred groves, bringing new life to the earth.					Earth+, Trees+, Deep Roots~				Earth, Trees				Philosophers		Caretakers
Priests assemble their congregation to clean the polluted waters, restoring balance to the seas.					Water+, Dripping Temple~				Water				Priests		Caretakers
The earth churns in its sleep, uprooting trees and dwarven tunnels					Dwarves-, Trees-				Dwarves, Trees		Earth				Unstable Ground
Wizards create brews in the bellies of great oaks, fueling their spells with primal energy. The trees grow massive and wicked, skewering the wizards in time.					Wizards+, Trees+, Drunk Animals~				Trees		Wizards				Betraying Brews
Philosophers and Scientists collaborate on a study of the stars, unlocking new knowledge and flattering the sky. 					Philosophers+, Scientists+, Scientific Silence~				Sky				Scientists		Flattering Research
After years of conflict, dwarves and dragons agree to a truce, carving up the mountain’s resources.					Dwarves+, Dragons+, Miniature Kingdom~				Earth		Dwarves				Scarred Landscape
The fire and earth gods churn the planet's core, making hot and hard love					Fire+, Earth+, Ecstacy Crystals~				Earth				Fire		Lovers
Philosophers hold a grand debate on the ethics of using fire’s destructive power					Philosophers+, Fire-				Fire		Philosophers				Heretics
Wizards imbue wild animals with magical abilities, but they can't be controlled. For some reason the wizards keep doing it...					Animals+, Wizards-, Miniature Kingdom~				Wizards				Animals		Curiosity Conjured the Cat
As a catastrophic storm approaches, philosophers sacrifice themselves to quell the sky's madness. But priests sabatoge the effort for their own gain, tricking the sky into seeing the sacrifice as an insult.					Priests+, Sky-, Philosophers-				Sky		Philosophers				Accidental Heretics
The mountain residents grow restless in the sweltering heat, curse the sun, and erupt in aimless violence					Dragons-, Dwarves-, Wizards-				Fire		Dragons				Heretics
A torrential storm washes over the world, filling the rivers, lakes, and clouds. Many wizards' homes are washed away on the cliff sides.					Sky+, Water+, Wizards-				Water				Sky		Quenching Storms
The water god sends a deluge to punish the dwarves for their greed, flooding their mountain home. Wizards are caught in the crossfire.					Water+, Dwarves-, Wizards-				Dwarves		Water				Home Wrecker
A fierce battle erupts between wizards and dragons in the sky, scarring the ozone.					Wizards-, Dragons-, Sky-				Sky		Wizards				Scarred Skyscape
Dwarves grow bold and venture out of the mountains, clearing vast swaths of forest and their druid protectors					Dwarves+, Trees-, Druids-, Ruin and Destruction~				Trees, Druids		Dwarves				Bloody Invaders
Priests chant down the fire god, protecting the forest from a consuming blaze.					Priests+, Trees+, Fire-				Fire		Priests				Heretics
Dragons fly into the heart of a tempest, eating the raging elements of sky and fire.					Dragons+, Sky-, Fire-				Sky, Fire		Dragons				God Slayer
Priests and Wizards join forces in a powerful ritual, channeling the divine and arcane together, while curious creatures join.					Priests+, Wizards+, Animals+, Humanity's Secret Weapon~				Priests, Wizards				Priests, Wizards		Grand Ritual
Dragons, in pursuit of a hidden treasure, invade the forest, clashing with druids and their animal allies.					Dragons+, Trees-, Druids-, Animals-				Trees, Druids, Animals		Dragons				Bloody Invaders
Scientists create a new technology that saps the life of nearby groves. They lie and blame the wizards for this, which works.					Scientists+, Trees-, Druids-, Animals-				Druids, Animals		Wizards				Misguided Grievance
Philosophers and druids form an alliance to protect the forest from industrial expansion by the city.					Philosophers+, Druids+, Scientists-				Druids, Philosophers				Trees		Defenders of Nature
Wild animals form a pack and raid the city, driven by hunger and desperation.					Animals+, Priests-, Philosophers-, Scientists-, Rebels~				Priests, Philosophers, Scientists		Animals				Culling and Control
Wizards summon a benign comet, causing the sky to light up with strange colors and mystical energy.					Wizards+, Druids+, Sky+, Living Wind~				Sky				Wizards		Comet Gift
A grand oak falls, causing the druids to mourn and the earth to tremble. Though in dire times, they find companionship.					Trees-, Earth-, Druids-				Earth, Druids				Druids, Earth		Grief and Growth
Philosophers devise a new form of city government, challenging existing power structures.					Philosophers+, Scientists-, Priests-				Scientists, Priests		Philosophers				Democracy
Scientists' inventions make them extremely wealthy, letting them buy the city government					Scientists+, Philosophers-, Priests-				Philosophers, Priests		Scientists				Plutocracy
Priests hold a coup with their many followers, taking control of the city government					Priests+, Philosophers-, Scientists-, Armed Guards~				Philosophers, Scientists		Priests				Theocracy
The sky god drinks sea and eats earth with tornados					Sky+, Water-, Earth-				Water, Earth		Sky				Gluttonous Storms
Druids and priests pray to to the Earth for a healthy harvest					Druids+, Priests+, Earth+				Druids, Priests		Earth				Worshipers
A scientist's experiment goes wrong and erupts in flames, engulfing them and their animal subjects.					Fire+, Scientists-, Animals-, Sad Scholars~				Fire				Scientists		Sacrifice
Scientists design an aqueduct carving through the mountain, draining precious water					Scientists+, Earth-, Water-				Earth		Scientists				Scarred Landscape
Priests plunder amber from druids, desecrating their sacred stream in the process.					Priests+, Druids-, Water-, Inconsiderate Monarchy~				Druids		Priests				Stolen Treasure
The sky god spreads wisdom through the city, but discovers heretical texts					Scientists+, Priests+, Philosophers+				Sky		Priests				Heretics
The sky weeps, watering the forest and dousing flames					Trees+, Water+, Sky-, Fire-				Fire		Sky				Hurtful Tears
The planets align in the sky, demanding all other gods pay tribute. Druids curse it, call it an omen.					Sky+, Water-, Fire-, Earth-, Star Wedding~				Sky		Druids				Heretics
The sky and water gods dance, hurricanes batter the city					Sky+, Water+, City-				Sky, Water				Sky, Water		Lovers
The sky weeps, watering the city's crops and dousing flames					City+, Fire-, Sky-				Fire		Sky				Hurtful Tears
Dwarves pray and give tribute to the Earth, asking it to ground the wizards' magic.					Earth+, Dwarves+, Wizards-				Earth				Dwarves		Worshipers
Runoff from the city temples infects many lakes and shores					Animals-, Trees-, Water-, Drunk Animals~				Water		Priests				Polluted Grudge
Dwarven mining is fruiful, but causes rock slides that pummel the forest					Dwarves+, Trees-, Druids-				Trees		Dwarves				Bruised Bark
Great Oaks bare fruit of wisdom for all forest dwellers, but it takes a lot of water					Animals+, Druids+, Water-, Deep Roots~				Trees				Animals		Bare Fruit
Tides adorn a beach with treasure, a gift from one god to another					Multiple Effects
The water god polishes stones for the earth god, erasing dwarven inscriptions on them					Multiple Effects
A strange disease spreads through the wild animals, threatening the city as well. The scientists try to help					Multiple Effects
The water god is weakened by a nightmare of the fire god, causing a drought to plague the city. Sparks lurk					Multiple Effects
As the Earth turns its back on the Dwarves in their time of need, the dwarves pray to distant gods for new ore and revenge.					Multiple Effects
The dwarves and the city start an exchange program, sharing knowledge but erupting in discrimination					Multiple Effects
A priest prays, the most well god responds					Multiple Effects
A drought plagues the forest, prompting druids to seek help from the water god. The fire god licks its lips with sparks on dry wood					Multiple Effects
Druids pray to the water god to douse fires and heal the forest with rain.					Trees+, Water+, Druids+, Fire-				Water				Trees		Cleansing Rain
Wet soil and happy gods spring forth new, green life					Multiple Effects
A philosopher tries to help the sky god, but it's risky					Multiple Effects
A wizard challenges the sky, competing with the lightning					Multiple Effects
A mountain comes alive, using trees as brushes to paint the sky a painting					Multiple Effects
Dwarves unearth a slumbering demon, trying to enslave it before it awakens. They enlist the help of scientists, promising to return the favor.					Multiple Effects
If dwarves dig deep enough, they'll upset the Earth's belly, and the fire god will see their time to strike, causing it to erupt in volcanoes.					Fire+, Trees-, Druids-, Scientists-, Animals-, Priests-, Philosophers-, Earth-, Wizards-				Earth		Fire				Eruption Scars
Druidic rituals empower the forest, causing it to expand into nearby territories, but use up all the water.					Multiple Effects
Scientists develop a strange vaccine, seemingly saving the city and many wild animals.					Multiple Effects
The sky god and the fire god clash, causing thunderstorms and wildfires.					Multiple Effects
A druid conjures a magical storm to engulf the mountain, battering anyone in the sky					Multiple Effects
Druids casts a spell for nice weather if they're strong enough					Sky+, Druids+, Fire-, Water-				Druids				Sky		Fair-Weather Friends
The water god’s rage causes the city to flood; only the priests can quell them 					Multiple Effects
Dwarves, wizards, and dragons compete to harvest a rare magical ore, leading to conflict and sabotage.					Multiple Effects
